the freights can fs100 is an automatic
system for collecting measurements and
dimensional weight of cargo without
interrupting workflow with an overhead
mount and a total scan time of 4 seconds
a cargo facility can quickly capture
accurate dimensions on one hundred
percent of shipments the scanning
hardware is small and light and can be
installed at almost any location above
the warehouse floor here the unit has
been installed by attaching it to a
ceiling beam the fs100 system will
capture dimensions for all cargo that is
placed in the scan area of 12 feet by 12
feet the scan area is taped off or
painted on the warehouse floor with a
marker for the center to guide forklift
drivers while processing a shipment the
forklift driver retrieves a piece of
that shipment from the trailer and
brings it to the scan area once the air
waybill number has been entered into the
fs100 system a skin is generated from a
PC terminal the scan can also be
triggered from a barcode reader or a
remote trigger the scan takes two to
four seconds and then the forklift
driver is free to move the piece to its
next destination in the cargo acceptance
process Freight scan personnel conduct a
site survey prior to installation to
determine the best location for the
fs100 system installation can be over a
scale next to a scale by a door your
choice the customer's acceptance process
dictates the optimal configuration
Freight scans fs100 works seamlessly
with existing workflow and allows air
cargo facilities to collect accurate
dimensional and visual information of
all shipments in seconds
you